Doc 1669/onboarding v2 migrate to prod (#611)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/onboarding/company/fields.mdx

---
title: Company onboarding fields
---

# Company onboarding fields

> Field reference for company account holder onboarding, including country-specific requirements and available options.

Reviewer: Lead with the purpose of the page: 

Use this reference to determine which fields are required, optional, or conditional for each country when creating a company onboarding.

For GraphQL types and validation constraints, refer to [`CreateCompanyAccountHolderOnboardingInput`](https://api-reference.swan.io/inputs/create-company-account-holder-onboarding-input/) in the API reference.

:::caution Supporting documents
All requested supporting documents must be submitted to complete onboarding.
:::

<FieldRequirementsLegend />

> ## `accountInfo`

Reviewer: Should leave these as regular headings. It doesn't add anything, making them input fields since it doesn't take them anywhere.

> ## `accountInfo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Account information 
`accountInfo`
```

> ## `accountInfo`

Reviewer: Have we explored making the fields page more country focused? i.e. tabs w. countries - that then detail what's required based on the country. At the moment its very hard to scan the tables.

Author: Agreed, this is the right direction. You mentioned adding it directly to DOC-1669, so I'll keep the current field-first tables in this pass, and you can restructure in a follow-up commit 🙌

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `name` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

**Available options**

- `country`: `FRA`, `DEU`, `ESP`, `NLD`, `ITA`, `BEL`.

## `accountAdmin`

:::info Account admin fields and sign-up
Although many `accountAdmin` fields are optional during onboarding, they are required when the user signs up. We recommend collecting and sending this information before the end of the onboarding flow.
:::

> ### Personal information

Reviewer: Its not entirely clear why we go from field name to regular heading language. Suggest reworking this.

| `vatNumber` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

⁴ `company.taxIdentificationNumber` is required if any of the following conditions are true:

- `accountInfo.country` is Germany, Italy, or Spain.
- `company.address.country` is different from `accountInfo.country`.

### Address (`company.address`)

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `addressLine1` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `addressLine2` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `city` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `postalCode` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `state` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

### Related individuals (`company.relatedIndividuals`)

> The `relatedIndividuals` array is required for all countries. At least one Legal Representative and one Ultimate Beneficial Owner (UBO) are required to finalize a company onboarding. The same individual can fulfill both roles depending on the `type`.

Reviewer: Legal rep doesn't have to be capitalised: (https://docs.swan.io/glossary#legal-representative)

Each individual must have a `type` that determines which additional fields are required:

- `LegalRepresentative`: the individual represents the company legally.
- `UltimateBeneficialOwner`: the individual holds ownership or control over the company.
- `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`: the individual serves both roles.

> #### Core fields

Reviewer: These are all fields - make this heading more meaningful (what does core mean exactly) - and remove the word "Fields" from the rest.

**Available options**

- `type`: `UltimateBeneficialOwner`, `LegalRepresentative`, `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.
- `sex`: `Male`, `Female`, `Unknown`.

#### Address (`relatedIndividuals[i].address`)

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `addressLine1` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> |
| `addressLine2` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `city` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> |
| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `postalCode` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> |
| `state` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

> ⁶ In France and the Netherlands, `addressLine1`, `city`, and `postalCode` are required if `type` is `LegalRepresentative` or `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.

Reviewer: If we make the tables more country first vs field first - we'll eliminate the need to have these footnotes.

Author: Agreed, the country-first restructure will clean this up. Same follow-up commit as #4.

- `ownership.type`: `Direct`, `Indirect`, `DirectAndIndirect`.
- `controlTypes`: `VotingRights`, `ControlViaTrustOrSimilar`, `RightToAppointOrRemoveBoard`, `ShareholderAgreementOrContract`, `StrategicOrManagerialInfluence`.

#### Identity document information (Italy only)

These fields are only required for Italian accounts (`accountInfo.country` = `ITA`).

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `ultimateBeneficialOwner.identityDocumentInfo.type` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `ultimateBeneficialOwner.identityDocumentInfo.number` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `ultimateBeneficialOwner.identityDocumentInfo.expiryDate` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `ultimateBeneficialOwner.identityDocumentInfo.issueDate` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `ultimateBeneficialOwner.identityDocumentInfo.issuingAuthority` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

### Related companies (`company.relatedCompanies`)

> Use this array when a company (not an individual) serves as a Legal Representative for the account holder company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this array when a company (not an individual) serves as a legal representative for the account holder company.
```

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `entityName` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `registrationCountry` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `registrationNumber` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `roles` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |

## `oAuthRedirectParameters`

These fields are hidden from end users. Provide them through your backend integration only.

| Field | Description |
|---|---|
| `redirectUrl` | URL to redirect to after the OAuth flow. |
| `state` | Opaque value passed through the OAuth flow. |

## Web Banking

> If you use Swan's Web Banking, the following fields are collected during the onboarding and sign-up flows.

Reviewer: No-code Web Banking - this is how its referenced elsewhere in the docs. 

Not to be confused with the no-code onboarding.

- `accountAdmin.firstName`, `lastName`, `nationality`.
- `accountAdmin.address`: `addressLine1`, `city`, `country`, `postalCode`.
- `accountAdmin.birthInfo`: `birthDate`, `city`, `country`, `postalCode`.
- `company.relatedCompanies`: `entityName`, `registrationCountry`, `registrationNumber`, `roles`.

> ## API mapping

Reviewer: Unsure why this is here - doesn't this sit in the legacy docs?

Author: These tables are the migration diff (deprecated field → new field). [DOC-1693](https://linear.app/swan/issue/DOC-1693) will reference them, so keeping them on the field pages gives partners a single reference during migration. Once v1 mutations are removed (~December 2026), we can drop these tables. I did align the column header format with the rest of the page.

> Use this table to map fields from the deprecated API to the new API.

Reviewer: The logic on the preview page is different i.e. **New mutation/Replaces** vs Deprecated field/new field
https://docs.swan.io/preview/new-onboarding#company-onboarding

Pick one approach and stick with it if it's about the same thing.

---
title: Company onboarding fields
---

# Company onboarding fields

Use this reference to determine which fields are required, optional, or conditional for each country when creating a company onboarding.
For GraphQL types and validation constraints, refer to [`CreateCompanyAccountHolderOnboardingInput`](https://api-reference.swan.io/inputs/create-company-account-holder-onboarding-input/) in the API reference.

:::caution Supporting documents
All requested supporting documents must be submitted to complete onboarding.
:::

<FieldRequirementsLegend />

> ## Account information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Account information (`accountInfo`)
```
Consistency.

> `accountInfo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| `unitedStatesTaxIdentificationNumber` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ²</span> |

¹ `isUnitedStatesPerson` is required if the `companyType` is `SelfEmployed`.

² `unitedStatesTaxIdentificationNumber` is required if `accountAdmin.unitedStatesTaxInfo.isUnitedStatesPerson` is `true`.

### User device information (`accountAdmin.userDeviceInfo`)

These fields are hidden from end users. Provide them through your backend integration only.

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `geoloc.lat` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `geoloc.lng` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `ip` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `userAgent` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

## Company

> `company`

Reviewer: This looks odd now here - change to the bracketed version like above.

| `vatNumber` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

⁴ `company.taxIdentificationNumber` is required if any of the following conditions are true:

- `accountInfo.country` is Germany, Italy, or Spain.
- `company.address.country` is different from `accountInfo.country`.

### Address (`company.address`)

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `addressLine1` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `addressLine2` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |
| `city` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `postalCode` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `state` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

### Related individuals (`company.relatedIndividuals`)

> The `relatedIndividuals` array is required for all countries. At least one legal representative and one Ultimate Beneficial Owner (UBO) are required to finalize a company onboarding. The same individual can fulfill both roles depending on the `type`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `relatedIndividuals` array is required for all countries. At least one `LegalRepresentative` and one `UltimateBeneficialOwner` are required to finalize a company onboarding. A single individual can fulfill both roles by setting `type` to `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.
```

Reviewer: Making it clearer what "type" maps to.

Each individual must have a `type` that determines which additional fields are required:

- `LegalRepresentative`: the individual represents the company legally.
- `UltimateBeneficialOwner`: the individual holds ownership or control over the company.

> - `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`: the individual serves both roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`: the individual both represents the company legally and holds ownership or control.
```

| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `postalCode` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> | <Opt /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁶</span> | <Req /> |
| `state` | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> | <Opt /> |

⁶ In France and the Netherlands, `addressLine1`, `city`, and `postalCode` are required if `type` is `LegalRepresentative` or `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.

#### Birth information (`relatedIndividuals[i].birthInfo`)

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `birthDate` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁷</span> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `city` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁷</span> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `country` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <Req /> |
| `postalCode` | <Req /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁷</span> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁷</span> |

> ⁷ In Germany (for `birthDate`, `city`, `postalCode`) and Spain (for `postalCode` only), these fields are required if `type` is `LegalRepresentative` or `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⁷ In Germany (for `birthDate`, `city`, `postalCode`) and Spain (for `postalCode` only), these fields are required if `relatedIndividuals[i].type` is `LegalRepresentative` or `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner`.
```
Spell out for clarity.

#### Tax information

| Field | 🇫🇷<br/>France | 🇧🇪<br/>Belgium | 🇩🇪<br/>Germany | 🇮🇹<br/>Italy | 🇳🇱<br/>Netherlands | 🇪🇸<br/>Spain |
|---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| `taxIdentificationNumber` | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁸</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁸</span> | <Req /> | <Req /> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁸</span> | <span style={{whiteSpace: "nowrap"}}><Cnd /> ⁸</span> |

> ⁸ `taxIdentificationNumber` is required if all of the following are true:

Reviewer: There's two levels of logic nesting here which is confusing to read. 

Perhaps try: 

`taxIdentificationNumber` is required if `relatedIndividuals[i].type` is `UltimateBeneficialOwner` or `LegalRepresentativeAndUltimateBeneficialOwner` **and** at least one of these is true:

- `accountInfo.country` is Germany or Italy.
- `company.regulatoryClassification` is `NonFinancialPassive` and `relatedIndividuals[i].address.country` is different from `accountInfo.country`.
